Typescript and docs (#794)
react-bootstrap/react-overlays: www/src/pages/index.mdx

---
title: Getting Started
---

# Getting Started

## Installation

```sh
npm install react-overlays
```

Or with yarn

```sh
yarn add react-overlays
```

## Usage

Components can be imported from the main package or directly like:

```js
import Dropdown from 'react-overlays/Dropdown';
```

## Styling

> React Overlays toolkit for creating functional overlays, tooltips, modals, and dropdowns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
React Overlays is a toolkit for creating functional overlays, tooltips, modals, and dropdowns.
```

> It is not a ui framework, but meant to be incorporated _into_ frameworks. To make those integrations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is not a UI framework but is meant to be incorporated _into_ frameworks. To make those integrations
```

> possible React Overlays is style agnostic and **does not** come with any CSS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
possible, React Overlays is style-agnostic and **does not** come with any CSS.
```

You should provide your own styles, and the documentation provides some simple examples

> for how to do that. For more complex integrations check out [React Bootstrap](https://github.com/react-bootstrap/react-bootstrap).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for how to do that. For more complex integrations, check out [React Bootstrap](https://github.com/react-bootstrap/react-bootstrap).
```

> There are a few places where inline `style`s are applied however. They are functionally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a few places where inline `style`s are applied, however. They are functionally
```

required and very minimal. Specifically `PopperJs` injects it's own styles in order
to position overlays and dropdowns, and `Modal` applies `overflow: hidden` to the

> document body. These can technically be overridden but it's very unlikely that should

Reviewer: ```suggestion
document body. These can technically be overridden but it's very unlikely to be
```
